It's very simple.
I've been following the stock of American Super Silver Corporation
Recently, the top management of their company
Are selling like crazy for cash
As far as I know
Many domestic airlines are implicated in this
I think the same is true of uncle's company
Hey
You got it right.
Because of this
The company's capital chain will break
Otherwise?
I won't marry Qianqi to the Zhao family
Chen Feng, you are too smart
Family passed
Stocks determine my dad's company status
Just a little experience
And I think you should terminate the contract immediately
Avoid greater losses
Where did the wild monkey come from?
Dare to point fingers at me and the Xu family
Cousin Chen Feng was specially invited by me to help
What do you mean by that?
Uncle, I just got a reply from Chaoyin Company.
If we complete the cooperation now
After 10 days
They will return the 200 million contract to us
But if it stops now
Wouldn't that be a waste of a billion
This is true.
Of course it's true.
This is the contract attachment they just sent.
So?
If you are an outsider, don't be a bare-handed painter in the Xu family
If Yang Xu remembers correctly
In his last life, he was sentenced for embezzlement of public funds
Boy, why don't you speak?
If I'm not mistaken
Uncle only needs to sign this contract
You'll get 30% legal
That's over 60 million
You are talking nonsense